[Music]
well hey there bright cider you already
know how to solve a Rubik's Cube and if
you haven't well go back and take a look
at the video on how to do it well today
I have a special treat for you you'll
learn the fastest possible way to solve
a cube just like with the rubik's cube
it only takes one simple algorithm
although it looks a lot like a Rubik's
Cube it's actually a type of pyraminx
by the way if you want to learn to solve
a pyraminx let me know in the comments
because of the peculiar way it rotates
cube might seem like a really tough
puzzle to crack but it isn't sound too
good to be true now all right I'm gonna
prove it to you let's start with Skoob
ABC it consists of the parts of two
types there are eight corners and six
centers and now it's time to master the
one and only key algorithm you'll need
to solve ask you step 1
rotate the Scoob with your left hand
clockwise step 2 right hand clockwise
and then do the opposite step 3
left hand counterclockwise step 4 right
hand counterclockwise that's it now
let's see how it works in real life
left-hand clockwise right-hand clockwise
left-hand counter clockwise right-hand
counter clockwise I told you it would be
easy once again left and right and left
and right before you continue I
recommend that you pause the video and
practice till you can do it
automatically let's try if you go
through the algorithms six times the
Scoob will return to its original state
we'll solve it in four steps first the
white face and adjusting corners second
the yellow corners then the yellow
center and finally the other centers
okay
let's give it a good shuffle and get
down to work step one solve the white
face let your intuition guide you at
this step it's really simple just try it
what's really important here is to match
the corners that are next to the white
corners just like this
[Music]
it may seem hard at first so if you need
help here you go
case one if the corner you need to
rotate is under your left hand make one
turn with your right hand it's the most
common scenario
[Music]
k-stew if the corner you need is down
and the white side is facing you you can
deal with this situation in three steps
first rotate the cube with your left
hand then make one move with your right
hand and move the left side back case
three if the corner you need is on the
bottom side of the skew it's a bit
trickier but you can fix it in five
moves first your right hand moves up
then the left hand moves up after that
you rotate once again with your right
hand in the opposite direction then the
left hand goes down the right hand goes
up
[Music]
and you're done with the first step
moving on to step to solve the yellow
corners for starters let's position thus
cube white side down and check where the
yellow corners are there are two
possible scenarios if you're Scoob
looks like this you'll just have to use
the algorithm you've already mastered
let's do it together hold us cubes so
that the two yellow corners on your
right are facing different directions
and the other two are facing left left
right left right
voila if your Scoob looks like this you
have to use the same algorithm then
rotate it 90 degrees and then apply the
same algorithm once again I promise it's
easier done than said so hold it like
this and one two three four now it's
really important that you rotate it
exactly 90 degrees go through the whole
algorithm once again and one two three
four and it's done the next step is step
number three solve the yellow center so
all the corners are solved now it's time
to put together the yellow side again
there are two possible scenarios in case
the yellow side is already solved you
can just skip step three and move on to
step four if not use the algorithm
you've practiced rotate the Scoob 180
degrees and then use the algorithm once
again let's try it find the yellow
center use the algorithm one two three
four
rotate it and once again left right left
right good job just one more step to go
step number four solve the remaining
centers just like in the previous step
you have to find the right Center apply
the algorithm rotate the skew and then
use the algorithm once again let's try
with the green side one two three four
now turn it around and one two three
four done and now the same with the blue
side one two three four turn around left
right left right and that's it thus cube
has been successfully solved Congrats
now that you know how to do it you can
impress anyone with your talent once
again if you want to learn how to solve
some other type of puzzle let's say
pyraminx just let me know in the
comments below
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]